[RM Ch07] Image security (#2633)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_model/chapters/chapter07.md

<a name="7.6.2"></a>
### 7.6.2 Workload Image

Only workload images from trusted sources must be used. Secrets must be stored outside of the images.

> It is easy to tamper with workload images. It requires only a few seconds to insert some malware into a workload image file while it is being uploaded to an image database or being transferred from an image database to a compute node. To guard against this possibility, workload images can be cryptographically signed and verified during launch time. This can be achieved by setting up a signing authority and modifying the hypervisor configuration to verify an image’s signature before they are launched. 

Reviewer: I think "can" is too weak here. In 7.5.1 we say that "Software must be code signed". Shouldn't we say "must" here?

Author: @ulikleber Yes I agree with you, I will change the text accordingly

To implement image security, the workload operator must test the image and supplementary components verifying that everything conforms to security policies and best practices. Use of Image scanners such as OpenSCAP or Trivy to determine security vulnerabilities is strongly recommended.

CIS Hardened Images should be used whenever possible. CIS provides, for example, virtual machine hardened images based upon CIS benchmarks for various operating systems. Another best practice is to use minimalist base images whenever possible.

> Images are stored into registries. The images registry must contain only vetted images. The registry must remain a source of trust for images over time, images therefore must be continuously scanned to identify vulnerabilities and out of date versions as described previously. Access to the registry is an important security risk. It must be granted by a dedicated authorisation and trough secure networks enforcing authentication, integrity and confidentiality.

Reviewer 2: typo
```suggestion
Images are stored in registries. The images registry must contain only vetted images. The registry must remain a source of trust for images over time, images therefore must be continuously scanned to identify vulnerabilities and out-of-date versions as described previously. Access to the registry is an important security risk. It must be granted by a dedicated authorisation and through secure networks enforcing authentication, integrity and confidentiality.
```

Author: @pgoyal01 Thanks! Corrections included
